Oh Hulk smash um right there we go this
is manage No a pilot uh hurts I don't
even want to tell you the name of the
song unless like you're going to see the
video name anyways you're probably
looking for this exact thing retarded
okay
so fairly simple we're going to do is
going to start up here right so it's
going to be seventh fret e ninth fret
eighth fret d tenth fret G so what you
do is you pluck down each one when you
pluck G and D at the same time so it's
that you pluck gee I'm sorry D then
you're going to slide over fifth fret
with your fingers on the
so it's fifth fret e 7th fret d simmer
for a G 5th fret B and you just go right
then you're gonna slide up so it's seven
a9 d7 G and 10 e so you go then you
start over but instead of plucking
D you pluck a so it's you go back to
there then you slide up you go 7 9 and
then you hold off you go 7 and then you
go back and that's the verse right so
it's going to be basically so that's the
entire verse that's the intro and the
verse that's all the verses it's
actually fairly simple and the way I do
it is you're supposed to start like
you're supposed to say I write then you
start going alright hurt myself today
but instead what I do is I go then I and
then you start right at like the end of
this the first chord so that's how you
do that then there's the the course and
this long is extremely simple right the
course is a we're going to do is going
to be playing and D are the only two
chords e and D are the electric cords
you play for now you're also gonna be
playing a and E but Ian D you just go
just going to have a muted it's going to
be fifth fret and so friend you just
played out for four counts
3 4 & 7 and 7a still muted you strum all
three so one the stretch your fingers so
it's third fret e 7 3 D then 5th fret a
2nd fret or 7th fret D and you just play
and Ino D at all and that's the entire
course so it's just all together
then you go right back to the verse
simple as that and then you just you
have to play it just it's fairly simple
I'm pretty sure it's just verse chorus
verse and then chorus and then you just
you can play the core or in the verse on
your approaches then you just slowly
make it quieter simple there you go